Learning More (optional)

Documentation
For more information on material taught in PROC SQL Fundamentals, review the following documentation links:

SAS速 9.4 Formats and Informats: Reference
https://go.documentation.sas.com/?docsetId=leforinforref&docsetTarget=n0p2fmevfgj470n17h4k9f27qjag.htm&docsetVersion=9.4&locale=en

SAS速 9.4 Functions and CALL Routines: Reference, Fifth Edition
https://go.documentation.sas.com/?docsetId=lefunctionsref&docsetTarget=n01f5qrjoh9h4hn1olbdpb5pr2td.htm&docsetVersion=9.4&locale=en

YRDIF Function
https://go.documentation.sas.com/?docsetId=lefunctionsref&docsetTarget=p1pmmr2dtec32an1vbsqmm3abil5.htm&docsetVersion=9.4&locale=en

CREATE TABLE Statement
https://go.documentation.sas.com/?docsetId=sqlproc&docsetTarget=n07kfcv1vbih8rn1k9epo45umxil.htm&docsetVersion=9.4&locale=en

INSERT Statement
https://go.documentation.sas.com/?docsetId=sqlproc&docsetTarget=n00p1g1wr4q7pzn1e6o5i82n7iml.htm&docsetVersion=9.4&locale=en

Accessing SAS Information By Using DICTIONARY Tables
https://go.documentation.sas.com/?docsetId=sqlproc&docsetTarget=n02s19q65mw08gn140bwfdh7spx7.htm&docsetVersion=9.4&locale=en

Beyond PROC SQL Fundamentals
Want to go beyond the material? Check out the following resources:

Want to learn more about the SQL procedure?

Introduction to Proc SQL
https://support.sas.com/resources/papers/proceedings/proceedings/sugi29/268-29.pdf

Efficiency Techniques for Beginning PROC SQL Users
https://support.sas.com/resources/papers/proceedings/proceedings/sugi29/127-29.pdf

PROC SQL for SQL Die-hards
https://support.sas.com/resources/papers/proceedings16/7540-2016.pdf

Top Ten Reasons to Use PROC SQL 
https://support.sas.com/resources/papers/proceedings/proceedings/sugi29/042-29.pdf

Top 10 SQL Tricks in SAS速
https://support.sas.com/resources/papers/proceedings14/1561-2014.pdf

Top 10 Most Powerful Functions for PROC SQL  
http://support.sas.com/resources/papers/proceedings13/257-2013.pdf

Want to learn more about DICTIONARY tables?

An Introduction to SAS速 Dictionary Tables 
https://www.lexjansen.com/pharmasug/2006/Tutorials/TU03.pdf

Exploring DICTIONARY Tables and SASHELP Views
http://support.sas.com/resources/papers/proceedings10/155-2010.pdf

Simple Ways to Use PROC SQL and SAS DICTIONARY TABLES to
 Verify Data Structure of the Electronic Submission Data Sets
https://www.lexjansen.com/pharmasug/2006/Tutorials/TU03.pdf


Want to learn more about data visualization in SAS?


Getting Started with SGPLOT Blog Series
https://blogs.sas.com/content/graphicallyspeaking/2016/12/05/getting-started-sgplot-index/

Data Visualization Blogs
https://blogs.sas.com/content/topic/data-visualization/

SGPLOT Procedures Tip Sheet
https://support.sas.com/rnd/app/ODSGraphics/TipSheet_SGPLOT.pdf

Want to learn more about managing data?

PROC DATASETS: Managing Data Efficiently
https://support.sas.com/resources/papers/proceedings/proceedings/sugi28/190-28.pdf

DATASETS Procedure Tip Sheet
https://support.sas.com/rnd/base/Tipsheet_DATASETS.pdf

Want to learn more about exploring data?

Know Thy Data: Techniques for Data Exploration  
http://support.sas.com/resources/papers/proceedings13/145-2013.pdf
