Learning More (optional)

Documentation
For more information on material taught in Accessing DBMS Data with SAS/ACCESS, review the following documentation links:

SAS/ACCESS速 9.4 for Relational Databases: Reference, Ninth Edition Online Documentation (You can find DBMS-specific reference documentation here)
https://go.documentation.sas.com/?docsetId=acreldb&docsetTarget=titlepage.htm&docsetVersion=9.4&locale=en

SAS速 9.4 FedSQL Language Reference, Fifth Edition Online Documentation
https://go.documentation.sas.com/?docsetId=fedsqlref&docsetTarget=titlepage.htm&docsetVersion=9.4&locale=en

FEDSQL Procedure
https://go.documentation.sas.com/?docsetId=proc&docsetTarget=n06w5kqwkurgk2n1irjo6h94fkcq.htm&docsetVersion=9.4&locale=en

FedSQL and the ANSI Standard
https://go.documentation.sas.com/?docsetId=fedsqlref&docsetTarget=p00dvpduqcxom7n1nzbu3tk7rdx1.htm&docsetVersion=9.4&locale=en

FedSQL Dictionary Tables
https://go.documentation.sas.com/?docsetId=fedsqlref&docsetTarget=n07w9194pvnhsdn1uk5thvdii7u1.htm&docsetVersion=9.4&locale=en

PRODUCT_STATUS Procedure
https://go.documentation.sas.com/?docsetId=proc&docsetTarget=n1x7dbhg6dlo7pn1jq24oa25k17z.htm&docsetVersion=9.4&locale=en


Beyond Accessing DBMS Data with SAS/ACCESS
Want to go beyond the material? Check out the following resources:

Want to learn more about working with DBMSs?

Jedi @ SASGF: Working with Big Data in SAS (recommended tutorial)
https://blogs.sas.com/content/sastraining/2018/04/09/jedi-sasgf-working-with-big-data-in-sas/

Explicit SQL Pass-Through: Is It Still Useful? 
https://support.sas.com/resources/papers/proceedings11/105-2011.pdf

Potential Result Set Differences between Relational DBMSs and the SAS System
http://support.sas.com/resources/papers/resultsets.pdf

Accessing a Microsoft SQL Server
https://support.sas.com/techsup/technote/accessing-microsoft-sql-server-from-sas.pdf

Database from SAS速 under
https://support.sas.com/techsup/technote/accessing-microsoft-sql-server-from-sas.pdf
 
Microsoft Windows
https://support.sas.com/techsup/technote/accessing-microsoft-sql-server-from-sas.pdf

SASTRACE: Your Key to RDBMS Empowerment 
https://support.sas.com/resources/papers/proceedings15/3269-2015.pdf

Tactics for Pushing SQL to the Relational Databases
http://support.sas.com/resources/papers/TacticsForPushingSQLtoRelationalDatabases.pdf

Implicit SQL Pass-through to Hive in SAS Viya
https://blogs.sas.com/content/sgf/2018/03/29/implicit-sql-pass-through-to-hive-in-sas-viya/


Want to learn about more SAS and DBMS data types?

Data Types for SAS Data Sets
https://go.documentation.sas.com/?docsetId=fedsqlref&docsetTarget=n19bf2z7e9p646n0z224cokuj567.htm&docsetVersion=9.4&locale=en

Data Type Reference
https://go.documentation.sas.com/?docsetId=fedsqlref&docsetTarget=p006s0ukzim6brn16wfjdmg89x7r.htm&docsetVersion=9.4&locale=en

Numerical Accuracy in SAS Software
https://go.documentation.sas.com/?docsetId=lrcon&docsetTarget=p0ji1unv6thm0dn1gp4t01a1u0g6.htm&docsetVersion=9.4&locale=en#p0ji1unv6thm0dn1gp4t01a1u0g6



Want to learn more about working with FedSQL:


Working with PROC FEDSQL in SAS速 9.4  
https://support.sas.com/resources/papers/proceedings15/3390-2015.pdf

Anything You Can Do I Can Do Better: PROC FEDSQL VS PROC SQL 
https://www.sas.com/content/dam/SAS/support/en/sas-global-forum-proceedings/2019/3734-2019.pdf

Jedi SAS Tricks - FedSQL Dictionary Tables
https://blogs.sas.com/content/sastraining/2017/06/23/jedi-sas-tricks-fedsql-dictionary-tables/

High-Performance Data Access with FedSQL and DS2 
https://support.sas.com/resources/papers/proceedings16/4342-2016.pdf


Want to learn about removing passwords from your programs:


One deadly sin SAS programmers should stop committing
https://blogs.sas.com/content/sgf/2017/04/13/one-deadly-sin-sas-programmers-should-stop-committing/

Five strategies to eliminate passwords from your SAS programs
https://blogs.sas.com/content/sasdummy/2010/11/23/five-strategies-to-eliminate-passwords-from-your-sas-programs/

